Anthropic, Foundation models
Jump to Content

![Claude](https://files.readme.io/22c44d1-ant_logo_full.svg)

 __Guides __API Reference

* * *

Log In![Claude](https://files.readme.io/22c44d1-ant_logo_full.svg)

 __

Log In

Moon (Dark Mode)Sun (Light Mode)

 __Guides __API Reference

Search

## Introduction

  * Guide to Anthropic's prompt engineering resources
  * Getting access to Claude
  * Getting started with Claude
  * Your first chat with Claude
  * Configuring GPT prompts for Claude
  * Claude for Google Sheets
  * Glossary

## Prompt Design

  * Introduction to prompt design
  * Constructing a prompt
  * Optimizing your prompt

## Useful Hacks

  * Let Claude say "I don't know" to prevent hallucinations
  * Give Claude room to "think" before responding
  * Ask Claude to think step-by-step
  * Break complex tasks into subtasks
  * Prompt Chaining
  * Check Claude's comprehension
  * Ask Claude for rewrites

## Use Cases

  * Content Generation
  * Multiple Choice and Classification
  * Text Processing
  * Basic Text Analysis
  * Advanced Text Analysis
  * Roleplay Dialogue
  * Content Moderation

## Troubleshooting

  * Troubleshooting checklist
  * Human: and Assistant: formatting
  * Claude says it can't do something
  * Claude misses nuance
  * Claude responds in the wrong format
  * Claude is hallucinating

## Claude on Amazon Bedrock

  * Claude on Amazon Bedrock

# Guide to Anthropic's prompt engineering resources

 __Suggest Edits

Welcome to Anthropic's comprehensive guide to our prompt engineering
resources! This guide provides links to all of Anthropic's educational
resources on prompt engineering with Claude.

The linked materials cover core concepts, best practices, debugging
checklists, prompt examples, and interactive materials. Whether you're new to
prompt engineering or an experienced prompter, these resources serve to help
you craft better prompts for Claude!

* * *

#

Getting Started

##

Prompt Engineering Tutorial

To start, we recommend you look at our interactive prompting tutorial that
teaches basic to advanced prompting techniques for Claude, such as role
prompting and hallucination troubleshooting. The tutorial is split into 9
modules, each in a pair of lessons & exercises.

###

Prompt Engineering Interactive Tutorial

This interactive version of the prompt engineering tutorial **requires an API
key**.

  * If you have an API key, you will need to save a copy to your Google Drive, download the Claude for Sheets extension, and add your API key in order to call Claude in tutorial (in-depth instructions in the first tab)

If you **donâ€™t have an API key** , you can still look at the tutorial and try
out exercise solutions within Claude.ai or whatever interface you prefer to
use to interact with Claude; or you can reference the answer key below.

###

Prompt Engineering Interactive Tutorial Answer Key

The static answer key to our prompt engineering tutorial has all answers
filled in. There are no calls to Claude made in this document - all text is
static.

* * *

#

In-Depth Prompt Engineering

Below are additional resources that dive deeper into prompt engineering with
Claude.

##

Claude Prompt Engineering Techniques Presentation

Our Claude prompt engineering techniques presentation features **~100 slides**
encompassing beginning to advanced techniques for prompting with Claude, along
with troubleshooting techniques (for hallucinations etc.) as well as some
direct examples of prompt engineering in action.

undefined

> ðŸ“˜
>
> For Bedrock Users
>
> If you are using Claude on Bedrock, we recommend you check out our Bedrock
> prompt engineering deck instead!

##

Prompt Engineering Documentation

This documentation and user guide you're currently reading is full of tips and
tricks on troubleshooting, prompt formatting, and ways to access and talk to
Claude! Use the lefthand menu to navigate to various pages. Below, we've
curated a few links that we think might be of use:

> ###
>
> Configuring GPT prompts for Claude

A guide on how to tailor prompts designed for GPT models so they work
optimally for Claude.

> ###
>
> Introduction to prompt design

A leaner, more basic set of information than can be found in our comprehensive
prompt engineering techniques presentation, but with more in-line examples and
thus perhaps more illustrative than slides alone.

> ###
>
> Constructing a prompt

A high-level overview of some but not all intermediate techniques for prompt
construction. While less in-depth than the presentation, it also features in-
line examples that exemplify the concepts described.

> ###
>
> Optimizing your prompt

An overview of how you can begin thinking about and implementing a process for
iterating and evaluating prompts.

* * *

#

Examples & Code

##

Example Prompts & Templates

###

Example Prompts (using Claude for Sheets)

We have a prompt workbook filled with some starting example prompts based on
specific use-cases (one use-case per tab), with some guidance on the prompt
engineering techniques that underlie those prompts.

Here is a non-exhaustive list of the tasks we cover in the various tabs:

  * Simple Q&A
  * Information extraction
  * Removing PII
  * Content generation
  * Multiple choice classification
  * Dialogue agents and roleplay
  * Summarization
  * Advanced Q&A on long documents
  * Function calling / tool use
  * Prompt chains

> ðŸš§
>
> Interactive Version
>
> If you want to interact with and edit this workbook, you will have to make a
> copy, download the Claude for Sheets add-on, and add your API key following
> the instructions in the first tab.

###

Example Harmlessness Screens

Harmlessness screens are prompts used to catch prompt injections or prompt
misuse as a protective measure; these are usually run in parallel with or
before your main prompt. Here is a workbook of some example harmlessness
screens.

Claude is already quite resilient to prompt injections and bad user behavior,
but running parallel or first-line harmlessness screens can reduce the risk
even further.

##

Example Code & Demos

###

Prompt Engineering Cookbook

Our prompt engineering cookbook contains recipes in the form of Jupyter
notebooks for using Claude in neat and effective ways. The current recipes
include:

  * Long Context: Q&A
  * Long Context: Wikipedia Search
  * Long Context: PDF "Upload" and Summarization

###

Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) Demo

This lightweight RAG demo uses the Anthropic Python SDK to experiment with
Claude's Search and Retrieval capabilities over a variety of knowledge bases
(Elasticsearch, vector databases, web search, and Wikipedia).

###

Function Calling / Tool Use Repo

This tool use demo houses our lightweight demo for using tools/function
calling with Anthropic models.

* * *

#

SDKs

##

General Anthropic SDKs

  * Anthropic **Python** SDK
  * Anthropic **Typescript** SDK

##

Claude on Bedrock SDKs

  * Anthropic Bedrock **Python** SDK
  * Anthropic Bedrock **Typescript** SDK

* * *

#

Other Useful Resources

##

Claude for Sheets

You can now call Claude on Google Sheets if you have an API key! To do so,
follow our Claude for Google Sheets guide.

> ðŸ’¡
>
> Quick & Dirty: How does Claude for Google Sheets work?
>
> With Claude for Sheets, you can call Claude as a Google Sheets function like
> so: `=CLAUDE("Hi Claude, why is the sky blue?")` Claudeâ€™s response to your
> prompt will be automatically inserted into the cell that contains the
> formula.

###

Claude for Sheets Workbook Templates

This template workbook houses a variety of basic prompt engineering and
testing templates to make it easy for you plug & play and get started prompt
engineering via Claude for Sheets.

The templates cover both single and multi-input testing, as well as single-
document Q&A.

##

Prompt Engineering Support Checklist

If you still need prompt engineering support from our team at Anthropic, we
want to make sure we make the best use of your time! See this prompt
engineering support checklist for a guide on what you should bring to get the
best out of a prompt engineering support session.

 __Updated 7 days ago

* * *

  * __Table of Contents
  *     * Getting Started
      * Prompt Engineering Tutorial
    * In-Depth Prompt Engineering
      * Claude Prompt Engineering Techniques Presentation
      * Prompt Engineering Documentation
    * Examples & Code
      * Example Prompts & Templates
      * Example Code & Demos
    * SDKs
      * General Anthropic SDKs
      * Claude on Bedrock SDKs
    * Other Useful Resources
      * Claude for Sheets
      * Prompt Engineering Support Checklist

