Hugging Face, Foundation models


![Hugging Face's logo](/front/assets/huggingface_logo-noborder.svg) Hugging
Face

  * Models
  * Datasets
  * Spaces
  * Docs
  * Solutions 

  * Pricing 
  *   * * * *

  * Log In 
  * Sign Up 

AutoTrain documentation

AutoTrain

#

AutoTrain

Search documentation

mainv0.6.10v0.5.2 EN

Get started

ðŸ¤— AutoTrain Installation How much does it cost? Get help and support

Selecting Models and Parameters

Model Selection Parameter Selection

Text Tasks

Text Classification LLM Finetuning

Image Tasks

Image Classification DreamBooth

You are viewing main version, which requires installation from source. If
you'd like regular pip install, checkout the latest stable version (v0.6.10).

![Hugging Face's logo](/front/assets/huggingface_logo-noborder.svg)

Join the Hugging Face community

and get access to the augmented documentation experience

Collaborate on models, datasets and Spaces

Faster examples with accelerated inference

Switch between documentation themes

Sign Up

to get started

#  AutoTrain

ðŸ¤— AutoTrain is a no-code tool for training state-of-the-art models for Natural
Language Processing (NLP) tasks, for Computer Vision (CV) tasks, and for
Speech tasks and even for Tabular tasks. It is built on top of the awesome
tools developed by the Hugging Face team, and it is designed to be easy to
use.

##  Who should use AutoTrain?

AutoTrain is for anyone who wants to train a state-of-the-art model for a NLP,
CV, Speech or Tabular task, but doesnâ€™t want to spend time on the technical
details of training a model. AutoTrain is also for anyone who wants to train a
model for a custom dataset, but doesnâ€™t want to spend time on the technical
details of training a model. Our goal is to make it easy for anyone to train a
state-of-the-art model for any task and our focus is not just data scientists
or machine learning engineers, but also non-technical users.

##  How to use AutoTrain?

We offer several ways to use AutoTrain:

  * No code users can use `AutoTrain Advanced` by creating a new space with AutoTrain Docker image: https://huggingface.co/new-space?template=autotrain-projects/autotrain-advanced. Please make sure you keep the space private.

  * Developers can access and build on top of AutoTrain using python api or run AutoTrain Advanced UI locally. The python api is available in the `autotrain-advanced` package. You can install it using pip:

Copied

    
    
    pip install autotrain-advanced

##  What is AutoTrain Advanced?

AutoTrain Advanced processes your data either in a Hugging Face Space or
locally (if installed locally using pip). This saves one time since the data
processing is not done by the AutoTrain backend, resulting in your job not
being queued. AutoTrain Advanced also allows you to use your own hardware
(better CPU and RAM) to process the data, thus, making the data processing
faster.

Using AutoTrain Advanced, advanced users can also control the hyperparameters
used for training per job. This allows you to train multiple models with
different hyperparameters and compare the results.

Everything else is the same as AutoTrain. You can use AutoTrain Advanced to
train models for NLP, CV, Speech and Tabular tasks.

We recommend using AutoTrain Advanced since it is faster, more flexible and
will have more supported tasks and features in the future.

Installationâ†’

AutoTrain Who should use AutoTrain? How to use AutoTrain? What is AutoTrain
Advanced?

