Hugging Face, Foundation models


![Hugging Face's logo](/front/assets/huggingface_logo-noborder.svg) Hugging
Face

  * Models
  * Datasets
  * Spaces
  * Docs
  * Solutions 

  * Pricing 
  *   * * * *

  * Log In 
  * Sign Up 

Hub Python Library documentation

ðŸ¤— Hub client library

#

Hub Python Library

Search documentation

mainv0.19.3v0.18.0.rc0v0.17.3v0.16.3v0.15.1v0.14.1v0.13.4v0.12.1v0.11.0v0.10.1v0.9.1v0.8.1v0.7.0.rc0v0.6.0.rc0v0.5.1
DEENHIKO

Get started

Home Quickstart Installation

How-to guides

Overview Download files Upload files Use the CLI HfFileSystem Repository
Search Inference Inference Endpoints Community Tab Collections Cache Model
Cards Manage your Space Integrate a library Webhooks server

Conceptual guides

Git vs HTTP paradigm

Reference

Overview Login and logout Environment variables Managing local and online
repositories Hugging Face Hub API Downloading files Mixins & serialization
methods Inference Client Inference Endpoints HfFileSystem Utilities
Discussions and Pull Requests Cache-system reference Repo Cards and Repo Card
Data Space runtime Collections TensorBoard logger Webhooks server

![Hugging Face's logo](/front/assets/huggingface_logo-noborder.svg)

Join the Hugging Face community

and get access to the augmented documentation experience

Collaborate on models, datasets and Spaces

Faster examples with accelerated inference

Switch between documentation themes

Sign Up

to get started

#  ðŸ¤— Hub client library

The `huggingface_hub` library allows you to interact with the Hugging Face
Hub, a machine learning platform for creators and collaborators. Discover pre-
trained models and datasets for your projects or play with the hundreds of
machine learning apps hosted on the Hub. You can also create and share your
own models and datasets with the community. The `huggingface_hub` library
provides a simple way to do all these things with Python.

Read the quick start guide to get up and running with the `huggingface_hub`
library. You will learn how to download files from the Hub, create a
repository, and upload files to the Hub. Keep reading to learn more about how
to manage your repositories on the ðŸ¤— Hub, how to interact in discussions or
even how to access the Inference API.

How-to guides

Practical guides to help you achieve a specific goal. Take a look at these
guides to learn how to use huggingface_hub to solve real-world problems.

Reference

Exhaustive and technical description of huggingface_hub classes and methods.

Conceptual guides

High-level explanations for building a better understanding of huggingface_hub
philosophy.

##  Contribute

All contributions to the `huggingface_hub` are welcomed and equally valued! ðŸ¤—
Besides adding or fixing existing issues in the code, you can also help
improve the documentation by making sure it is accurate and up-to-date, help
answer questions on issues, and request new features you think will improve
the library. Take a look at the contribution guide to learn more about how to
submit a new issue or feature request, how to submit a pull request, and how
to test your contributions to make sure everything works as expected.

Contributors should also be respectful of our code of conduct to create an
inclusive and welcoming collaborative space for everyone.

Quickstartâ†’

ðŸ¤— Hub client library Contribute

