Hugging Face, Foundation models
Hugging Face Forums

Category | Topics  
---|---  
  
###  Beginners

Use this category for any basic question you have on any of the Hugging Face
library. Donâ€™t moderate yourself, everyone has to begin somewhere and everyone
on this forum is here to help!

|

4563  
  
###  Intermediate

Use this category for any advanced question you have on any of the Hugging
Face library or to share/coordinate with other users your projects using them.

|

706  
  
###  Course

Use this category to ask any question related to the course or organize study
groups.

|

87  
  
###  Research

Use this category for any research question or to coordinate on a project with
other users.

|

272  
  
###  Models

Use this category for any question specific to a given model: questions not
really related to the library per se and more research-like such as tips to
fine-tune/train, where to use/not to use etc.

|

1260  
  
###  ðŸ¤—Transformers

This category is for any question related to the  Transformers library. You
can also file an issue.

|

3085  
  
###  ðŸ¤—Datasets

This category is for any question related to the  datasets library. You can
also file an issue.

|

903  
  
###  ðŸ¤—Tokenizers

This category is for any question related to the  Tokenizers library. You can
also file an issue.

|

323  
  
###  ðŸ¤—Accelerate

This category is for any question related to the Accelerate library. You can
also file an issue.

|

217  
  
###  ðŸ¤—AutoTrain

This category is for any question related to  AutoTrain. For advanced usage,
you can also check the GitHub repo.

|

102  
  
###  ðŸ¤—Hub

This category is for any question related to the Hugging Face Hub (models or
datasets) as well as the huggingface_hub library.

|

240  
  
###  ðŸ¤—Optimum

This category is for any discussion around the Optimum library.

|

78  
  
###  Gradio

This category is for any question related to the Gradio library. You can also
file an issue.

|

362  
  
###  ðŸ§¨ Diffusers

This category should be used for all comments / questions related to the
Diffusers library: https://github.com/huggingface/diffusers

|

259  
  
###  Inference Endpoints on the Hub

This category is to ask questions about Inference Endpoints, our production
inference solution to easily deploy machine learning models hosted on the Hub.

|

138  
  
###  Amazon SageMaker

This category is for any questions related to using Hugging Face Transformers
with Amazon SageMaker. Donâ€™t forget to check the announcement blogpost for
more resources.

|

287  
  
###  Amazon Inferentia & Trainium

This category is for any questions related to using Hugging Face Transformers
and Diffusers models with AWS Inferentia and Trainium hardware accelerator
instances.

|

4  
  
###  Azure ML Studio Model Catalog

This category is to ask questions about deploying Hugging Face Hub models for
real-time inference in Azure Machine Learning using the new Hugging Face model
catalog.

|

4  
  
###  Spaces

Use this category to ask any questions about Spaces or to share your work.

|

449  
  
###  Model cards

All model cards now live inside huggingface.co model repos (see announcement).

|

32  
  
###  Languages at Hugging Face

Use this category for any discussion of (human) language-specific topics and
to chat about doing NLP in languages other than English.

|

81  
  
###  Flax/JAX Projects

This category should be used to propose and join existing projects that make
use of Flax/JAX and Transformers. Make sure that your project proposal
includes all relevant information (as listed below) for people to
join/comment/improve your idea.

|

132  
  
###  Community Calls

This category is for call for helps to the community on specific projects.

|

75  
  
###  Show and Tell

The Show and Tell category is a dedicated space for sharing and discussing
your exciting projects. Showcase your Spaces, new Models, Datasets, etc., gain
feedback and connect with peers.

|

30  
  
###  Site Feedback

This category is for any feedback you have for the Hugging Face team about
this forum or the website in general. Let us know how we can improve them!

|

137  
  
  * Home 
  * Categories 
  * FAQ/Guidelines 
  * Terms of Service 
  * Privacy Policy 

Powered by Discourse, best viewed with JavaScript enabled

