Stable Diffusion, Foundation models


Skip to main content

![Stable Diffusion Logo](/docs/img/SD-logo.png)![Stable Diffusion
Logo](/docs/img/SD-logo.png)

 ****EnterprisePricingBlogDocsPlaygroundModelsAPI Catalogue

  * Getting Started
  * Stable Diffusion API

  * Train Model

  * Community Models API

  * Text To Video

  * Community Models API V4

  * MISCS

  * ControlNet

  * Voice Cloning

  * Enterprise Plan

  * Dreambooth Sandbox

  * Image Editing

  * Text To 3D

  * Uncensored Chat
  * A1111 Schedulers
  * FAQ
  * Postman Collection
  * Support
  * 

  *   * Getting Started

On this page

# Stable Diffusion API Docs

# ð Welcome

The Stable Diffusion V3 API comes with these features:

  * Faster speed;
  * Inpainting;
  * Image 2 Image;
  * Negative Prompts.

The Stable Diffusion API is organized around REST. Our API has predictable
resource-oriented URLs, accepts form-encoded request bodies, returns JSON-
encoded responses, and uses standard HTTP response codes, authentication, and
verbs.

tip

We have chatbot trained on docs and codebase, click on footer chat icon and
ask question, it will give you code examples as well :)

The Stable Diffusion API is equipped with a NSFW checker. Any image detected
as NSFW will be replaced by a blank image.

danger

Be aware of the content of your images. We have a filter system to remove any
child pornography. Multiple attempts will result in account suspension.

The Stable Diffusion API uses keys to authenticate the requests. Pass the key
you've obtained from the API Settings page to the request body and follow all
the endpoint processes accordingly.

Send JSON POST requests with data and links.

danger

Do not send files as raw format, send **publicly accessible links** to them
instead.

Here you will find information about the Stable Diffusion and Multiple AI
APIs.

You can pass details to generate images using this API, without the need of
GPU locally.

All API requests are authorized by a **key**. You can obtain one by **signing
up**.

## Features of APIâ

  1. Use 100+ models to generate images with single API call.
  2. Use multi lora models
  3. Use embeddings models
  4. Use controlnet models
  5. Use multi controlnet models
  6. Upscale images 
  7. Highres fix
  8. Multiple language support
  9. Self Attention process
  10. Train model
  11. Clipfix
  12. Base64 support

caution

All API requests **require a header** to be passed. Make sure you pass
**`Content-Type: application/json`** in the header as shown in the example
below:

    
    
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json'  
    

Follow the links below for more information about Image Stable Diffusion API
endpoints:

  * Stable Diffusion API;
  * Dreambooth Finetuning;
  * Dreamnbooth API V4;
  * Text to Video;
  * ControlNet;
  * Enterprise Plan;
  * Dreambooth Sandbox API;
  * Image Editing.

tip

Visit our **YouTube channel** to see Stable Diffusion APIs in action.

## Possible Error Responsesâ

Below are listed the most common errors that might occur while using the
Stable Diffusion API.

### Rate Limitâ

This error is returned when the same request has been sent multiple times.

    
    
    {  
        "status": "error",  
        "message": "Rate limit exceeded",  
        "tips": "you are sending same request multiple times, spam filter is enabled, please wait for 30 seconds and try again"  
    }  
    

### Invalid Keyâ

This error is returned when the API key used for request authentication is
invalid.

    
    
    {  
        "status": "error",  
        "message": "Invalid Api Key",  
        "tip": "1. Make sure you are passing Content-Type: application/json in header. 2. Make sure you are doing POST request with valid JSON. 3. Make sure your JSON does not have error, use jsonlint to validate json array. 4. Make sure you have valid API key."  
    }  
    

### Failed Responseâ

This error is returned when the request has failed for some reason.

    
    
    {  
        "status": "failed",  
        "id": "",  
        "message": "Failed, Try Again",  
        "output": ""  
    }  
    

### Validation Errorsâ

This error is returned when one of the required fields has not been set. In
this example, the **prompt** field was not set:

    
    
    {  
        "status": "error",  
        "message": {  
            "prompt": [  
                "The prompt field is required."  
            ]  
        }  
    }  
    

This error is returned when **model_id** has not been filled for an endpoint
that requires it.

    
    
    {  
        "status": "error",  
        "message": "Model id not found"  
    }  
    

Next

Stable Diffusion API

  * Features of API
  * Possible Error Responses
    * Rate Limit
    * Invalid Key
    * Failed Response
    * Validation Errors

Â· Â·

Â© 2023 Stable Diffusion API. All rights reserved.

